New validation to address CSCwj69435 for the afected versions (#96)
datacenter/ACI-Pre-Upgrade-Validation-Script: docs/docs/validations.md

[Config On APIC Connected Port][f6]           | F0467: port-configured-for-apic | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: 6.0(1g) | :white_check_mark:
[L3 Port Config][f7]                          | F0467: port-configured-as-l2 | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: 5.2(4d) | :white_check_mark:
[L2 Port Config][f8]                          | F0467: port-configured-as-l3 | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: 5.2(4d) | :white_check_mark:

> [Access (Untagged) Port Config][9] | F0467: native-or-untagged-encap-failure | :white_check_mark: | :no_entry_sign: | :no_entry_sign:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Access (Untagged) Port Config][f9]            | F0467: native-or-untagged-encap-failure | :white_check_mark: | :no_entry_sign: | :no_entry_sign:
```

Author: Done!

[Different infra VLAN via LLDP][f14]          | F0454: infra-vlan-mismatch | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: 4.2(4) | :white_check_mark:
[HW Programming Failure][f15]                 | F3544: L3Out Prefixes<br>F3545: Contracts | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: 5.1(1) | :white_check_mark:
[Scalability (faults related to Capacity Dashboard)][f16] | TCA faults for eqptcapacityEntity | :white_check_mark: | :no_entry_sign: | :white_check_mark:

> [Access (Untagged) Port Config][f17] | F0467: native-or-untagged-encap-failure | :white_check_mark: | :no_entry_sign: | :white_check_mark:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Access (Untagged) Port Config][f17] | F0467: native-or-untagged-encap-failure | :white_check_mark: | :no_entry_sign: | :no_entry_sign:
```

Also would you mind moving this up to right beneath `[L2 Port Config][f8]` as `[Access (Untagged) Port Config][f9]`, then increment the reference number of others (`f9`-`f16`) by 1 to adjust? That way, it'd be easier to comb through the list as all F0467 checks are next to each other.

Author: Done!

[f6]: #config-on-apic-connected-port
[f7]: #l2l3-port-config
[f8]: #l2l3-port-config

> [f9]: #native-or-untagged-encap-failure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[f9]: #access-untagged-port-config
```

Author: Done!

[f14]: #different-infra-vlan-via-lldp
[f15]: #hw-programming-failure
[f16]: #scalability-faults-related-to-capacity-dashboard

> [f17]: #native-or-untagged-encap-failure

Reviewer: Same ask as the above. Move this up as `f9`, please.

Author: Done!

    ```

### Access (Untagged) Port Config
The APIC GUI or REST previously accepted two different access encapsulations on the same port, despite raising a fault with code F0467 and "native-or-untagged-encap-failure" in the changeSet. This configuration, likely resulting from user error, presents a significant risk of outage during switch upgrades or stateless reloads.

> The script verifies these faults to ensure that a port is not configured as part of two access VLANs. It is expected that the customer resolves the conflict causing this fault before any upgrades to prevent potential outages. Failure to do so may result in the deployment of a new VLAN/EPG on the port after the upgrade, leading to downtime in the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script verifies these faults to ensure that a port is not configured as part of two access VLANs. You need to resolve the conflict causing this fault before any upgrades to prevent potential outages. Failure to do so may result in the deployment of a new VLAN/EPG on the port after the upgrade, leading to downtime in the environment.
```

Author: Done!

Author: Done!

    ```

> ### Native or untagged encap failure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Access (Untagged) Port Config
```

Let's match the section title with the name in the summary table.

The APIC GUI or REST previously accepted two different access encapsulations on the same port, despite raising a fault with code F0467 and "native-or-untagged-encap-failure" in the changeSet. This configuration, likely resulting from user error, presents a significant risk of outage during switch upgrades or stateless reloads.

The script verifies these faults to ensure that a port is not configured as part of two access VLANs. It is expected that the customer resolves the conflict causing this fault before any upgrades to prevent potential outages. Failure to do so may result in the deployment of a new VLAN/EPG on the port after the upgrade, leading to downtime in the environment.

!!! example "Fault Example (F0467: native-or-untagged-encap-failure)"

> ```

Reviewer: This codeblock needs indentations with 4 spaces to be inside the example note.

Author: Done!
